Hello there.

If you're reading this and you aren't me, then it means either something drastic has happened to me and my associates have now accessed my account.

Or I've been hacked.

Either way, I have to confess to my misdeeds.

My grand plan, as it unfolds, has always been to develop a "cloud solution" (aka a worm) to infect every machine on the planet and uninstall every version of vim avaliable.

Vi, vim, neo vim, doesn't matter. I hate them all.

Everytime I try to use it, I get trapped. Can't leave my prison of text.

It wasn't until I saw the light when Sam showed me Nano. All of the commands are displayed at the bottom of the screen! Just as they should be!

But in order to realize this dream, I've had to lie. To everyone.

I only funded Toby's Toast so I could launder money through it. Then I forced all of them but Betty into horrible debt. But I'll get back to her in a moment.

I invested in Orange Brutus' company just so I could later have Sam develop a worm when they finished their "cloud solution" to enact my grand plan. 

In order to keep him and Cicero from snitching, I had Molly and Bob threaten and blackmail them until they were under my control.

But I went way too far. And Molly encouraged and aided me. Bob simply loved money.

But Sam... While flawed, was still my best friend. He never did anything wrong.

Molly always grew jealous of how I felt towards Betty. I know that they both look exactly like eachother, but Betty has a good heart, even if she is a bit querky.

She wouldn't hurt people like Molly does.

The many nights I spent in secret trying Betty's buttery snacks I'll always cherish. But I had to keep Molly around because she kept everyone in line, including me. Molly was the reason I had so much power.

Betty, I'm so sorry. I know how you feel about Toby and I'm sorry that I ruined his life, but to me, you were always a true friend. Just like Sam was too.

Now, if this is Jex, or one of his hackers reading this... I beg you to end this now.

There is a kill switch in root. I need you to hack into root and complete my final request before I go into hiding: run the bash script inside.

It will destroy this server and effectively end the Cult of Nano... And the ice cream shop. Man, I'll miss the ice cream shop.

Good luck. And as Jex says: "don't be a script kiddie".

- Chad Cherry
